IronCurtain can set affects for all techno (#674)
Phobos-developers/Phobos: docs/Fixed-or-Improved-Logics.md

Storage.TiberiumIndex=-1  ; integer, [Tiberiums] list index
```

### IronCurtain Can Set `Kill/NoAffect/Affect`

In `rulesmd.ini`
```ini
[CombatDamage]

> IronCurtain.ToOrganic=kill  ; IronCurtain affects Enumeration (kill|noaffect|affect), IronCurtain to Infantry and Techno with Organic=yes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IronCurtain.ToOrganic=kill  ; IronCurtain affects Enumeration (kill| invulnerable | ignore), IronCurtain to Infantry and Techno with Organic=yes
```

IronCurtain.KillWarhead=    ; IronCurtain use this warhead kill technos, default to [CombatDamage]->C4Warhead

> [SOMETECHNO]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[SOMETINFANTRY]
```

> IronCurtain.Affect=         ; IronCurtain affects Enumeration (kill|noaffect|affect)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IronCurtain.Effect=         ; IronCurtain affects Enumeration (kill | invulnerable | ignore)
```
The name looks wrong to me

Storage.TiberiumIndex=-1  ; integer, [Tiberiums] list index
```

### IronCurtain Can Set `Kill/NoAffect/Affect`

In `rulesmd.ini`
```ini
[CombatDamage]

> IronCurtain.ToOrganic=kill  ; IronCurtain effect Enumeration (kill | invulnerable | ignore), IronCurtain to Infantry and Techno with Organic=yes

Reviewer: Polish the doc a bit. The names still sound strange, but I have no better idea either, like `IronCurtain.OnOrganics.Effect=kill, IronCurtain.OnOrganics.Warhead`. Need suggestions from others for that

Author: How about `IronCurtain.Effect.Organics`?

Reviewer: > How about `IronCurtain.Effect.Organics`?

and `IronCurtain.Warhead.Organics`? In this case I would prefer `IronCurtain.EffectOnOrganics` and `IronCurtain.KillOrganicsWarhead`

IronCurtain.KillOrganicsWarhead=   ; IronCurtain use this warhead kill technos, default to [CombatDamage]->C4Warhead

[SOMEINFANTRY]

> IronCurtain.Effect=                ; IronCurtain effect Enumeration (kill | invulnerable | ignore)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IronCurtain.Effect=                ; IronCurtain effect Enumeration (kill | invulnerable | ignore), default to [CombatDamage]-> IronCurtain.EffectOnOrganics
```

Explodes.KillPassengers=true ; boolean
```

### Infantry can set effect of ironcurtain

In `rulesmd.ini`
```ini
[CombatDamage]
IronCurtain.EffectOnOrganics=kill  ; IronCurtain effect Enumeration (kill | invulnerable | ignore), IronCurtain to Infantry and Techno with Organic=yes

> IronCurtain.KillOrganicsWarhead=   ; IronCurtain use this warhead kill technos, default to [CombatDamage]->C4Warhead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IronCurtain.KillOrganicsWarhead=   ; IronCurtain uses this warhead to kill organics, default to [CombatDamage]->C4Warhead
```

Explodes.KillPassengers=true ; boolean
```

### Infantry can set effect of ironcurtain

In `rulesmd.ini`
```ini
[CombatDamage]
IronCurtain.EffectOnOrganics=kill  ; IronCurtain effect Enumeration (kill | invulnerable | ignore), IronCurtain to Infantry and Techno with Organic=yes
IronCurtain.KillOrganicsWarhead=   ; IronCurtain use this warhead kill technos, default to [CombatDamage]->C4Warhead

[SOMEINFANTRY]
IronCurtain.Effect=                ; IronCurtain effect Enumeration (kill | invulnerable | ignore), default to [CombatDamage]-> IronCurtain.EffectOnOrganics

> IronCurtain.KillWarhead=           ; IronCurtain use this warhead kill technos of this type, default to [CombatDamage]->IronCurtain.KillWarhead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IronCurtain.KillWarhead=           ; IronCurtain uses this warhead to kill this organic, default to [CombatDamage]->IronCurtain.KillWarhead
```
